Micah 2:13- He who opens the breach goes up before them; they break through and pass the gate, going out by it. Their king passes on before them, the Lord at their head.
Ephesians 6:12- For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the cosmic powers over this present darkness, against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly places.
Revelation 1:3- Blessed is the one who reads aloud the words of this prophecy, and blessed are those who hear, and who keep what is written in it, for the time is near.
Hebrews 4:12- For the word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing to the division of soul and of spirit, of joints and of marrow, and discerning the thoughts and intentions of the heart.
Romans 5:1- Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.
2 Corinthians 10:4- For the weapons of our warfare are not of the flesh but have divine power to destroy strongholds.
2 Corinthians 9:8- And God is able to make all grace abound to you, so that having all sufficiency in all things at all times, you may abound in every good work.
2 Kings 7:6- For the Lord had made the army of the Syrians hear the sound of chariots and of horses, the sound of a great army, so that they said to one another, “Behold, the king of Israel has hired against us the kings of the Hittites and the kings of Egypt to come against us.”
2 Samuel 5:20- And David came to Baal-perazim, and David defeated them there. And he said, “The Lord has burst through my enemies before me like a bursting flood.” Therefore the name of that place is called Baal-perazim.
2 Timothy 3:16- All Scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness.
Acts 1:8- But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you, and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the end of the earth.”
Daniel 12:10- Many shall purify themselves and make themselves white and be refined, but the wicked shall act wickedly. And none of the wicked shall understand, but those who are wise shall understand.
Ephesians 6:17- And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God.
Ephesians 6:18- Praying at all times in the Spirit, with all prayer and supplication. To that end keep alert with all perseverance, making supplication for all the saints.
Galatians 5:3- I testify again to every man who accepts circumcision that he is obligated to keep the whole law.
Genesis 1:1- In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
Isaiah 54:17- “No weapon that is fashioned against you shall succeed, and you shall confute every tongue that rises against you in judgment. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord and their vindication from me,” declares the Lord.
Jeremiah 29:11- “For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the Lord, “plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.”
John 17:17- “Sanctify them in the truth; your word is truth.”
Matthew 11:12- “From the days of John the Baptist until now the kingdom of heaven has suffered violence, and the violent take it by force.”
Matthew 13:43- “Then the righteous will shine like the sun in the kingdom of their Father. He who has ears, let him hear.”
Matthew 24:36- “But concerning that day and hour no one knows, not even the angels of heaven, nor the Son, but the Father only.”
Philippians 4:19- And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
Psalm 100:3- Know that the Lord, he is God! It is he who made us, and we are his; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
Psalm 37:4- Delight yourself in the Lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart.